Can Alexa be your best buddy? Not now, but probably very soon. Can Alexa be your best buddy? Well, not now, but probably very soon. It we have been seeing gigantic leaps in terms of natural we have been seeing gigantic leaps over the last couple of years in terms of how computers can understand and use natural language. This is all thanks to the subdiscipline of AI called natural language processing, or NLP for short. NLP is the practice of making sense of audio NLP is the practice of making sense of naturally spoken language, mostly in text form. NLP is the practice of making sense of naturally spoken language, but mostly in text form. NLP is NLP is the practice of making sense of natural language, mostly in text form. NLP is the practice of making sense of NLP is the NLP is the practice NLP is the practice of making sense of natural language under its umbrella. There are a bunch of there are many under its umbrella. There are many tasks that we have conquered already to a good degree, like machine translation, classification, sentiment analysis, or summarization, but these are not enough. The essence, but the ultimate goal is to make a model that can encapsulate the actual essence of language. It as we make better models, we get closer to unlocking a whole new set of data for use and developing better systems. As we make better and better models, we get closer to unlocking a whole new set of data, to making even better systems, and make it easier for humans to communicate with these systems, no matter how tech savvy they are or not. How do these happen? Well, mostly with how do these systems are? How do these happen? How are these models made? Well, mostly with convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks. And some of how are these models made? Well, mostly with convolutional neural networks and recurrent neural networks. Sometimes we have some variations of these two and very recently transformer models with attention mechanisms on them, and it's not hard to include an LP in your project. There are many APIs and services online that you can use even for free. Check out some of these check out some of these options to check out. You can use API you can use APIs offered by companies, so you can use APIs offered by companies, or you can use python libraries to include NLP functionalities in your project. You can use APIs as a service, you can use NLP APIs as a service, or include a model by fine tuning it to your specific problem. It's NLP is NLP is the practice of making sense of audio. NLP is the practice of making sense of naturally spoken language, mostly in text. NLP is the practice of making sense of naturally spoken language.